docs: add hardware recommendation for self-hosted instance (#706)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/tutorials/get-started/README.mdx

### Local

:::info

> The recommend hardware requirements for hosting Logto are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum recommended hardware requirements for hosting Logto are:
```

- **vCPU**: 2

> - **Memory**: 8GB
> - **Disk**: 256GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Memory**: 8 GiB
- **Disk**: 256 GiB
```
